This is the Sprite anonymous ftp directory.

papers:		Directory containing Sprite papers and bibliography.

* Sources: 

bench.tar.Z:	Sources for a collection of small benchmarks used in
		the paper "Why Aren't Operating Systems Getting Faster
		as Fast as Hardware".  Maintained by John Ousterhout.

gdb.tar.Z:	gdb for Mach 3.0.  Maintained by Mike Kupfer.

gld.tar.Z:	Gnu linker with modifications for cross-linking between
		different machine types.

hash.tar.Z:	The Sprite hashing package. You'll also need the
		list package. Maintained by John Hartman.

list.tar.Z:	The Sprite list package. Maintained by John Hartman.

mab.tar.Z:	Sources for Modified Andrew Benchmark (used in paper
		"Why Aren't Operating Systems Getting Faster as Fast
		as Hardware" and for other purposes).  Maintained
		by John Ousterhout.

mipsim.tar.Z:	A simulator and assembly-language program debugger for
		the MIPS R2000 architecture, written by John Ousterhout
		for use in a freshman-level course in C and assembler.


sosp-traces	A directory for the traces and post-processors used for the
		sosp91 measurements paper.

tcl		A subdirectory full of various files containing sources and
		documentation for Tcl and Tk and related packages.  See the
		README file in that directory for more information.

xtsim.tar.Z	library to interface event driven simulator to Xt toolkit.

ncube:		GNU software for nCUBE multiprocessor (gcc,gas,gld,g++)

chaos.c.Z	Draw chaotic attractor.

sprite-X.XXX.tar.Z Sprite kernel sources, version X.XXX.  Won't compile into
		   a kernel, but useful for browsing or borrowing code.

sprited.tar.Z	Sources for a Mach-based Sprite single-server.  Mostly
		of interest only to people doing work with Mach.

* Other:

cdrom.txt       Information about Sprite sources and docs on CDROM.

cs252_ftp:	Ftp directory for CS 252 class.

douglis:
eklee:
welch:		Ftp directories for those users

This archive is maintained by shirriff@sprite.Berkeley.EDU.

Note to spriters: please update this README if you add ftp files.
